Update README.md for Helm Chart Link (#552)
rancher/turtles: README.md

## Installation & Usage

> Rancher Turtles is deployed using a Helm Chart. For instructions, see the [getting started guide](https://turtles.docs.rancher.com/getting-started/install-rancher-turtles/using_helm).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rancher Turtles is deployed using a Helm Chart. For instructions, see the [installation guide](https://turtles.docs.rancher.com/category/install-rancher-turtles).
```
